Winston-logzio/Add troubleshooting (#511)
logzio/logz-docs: _source/logzio_collections/_log-sources/nodejs.md

* {% include log-shipping/replace-vars.html listener=true %}

### Troubleshooting

> To fix errors related to "esModuleInterop" flag make sure you run the relavent 'tsconfig' file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix errors related to `esModuleInterop` flag make sure you run the relevant `tsconfig` file.
```
